.TH "Unit Commands" 3 "8 Jan 2013" "Version 1.1" "NVML" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Unit Commands \- 
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnvmlReturn_t\fP DECLDIR \fBnvmlUnitSetLedState\fP (nvmlUnit_t unit, \fBnvmlLedColor_t\fP color)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This chapter describes NVML operations that change the state of the unit. For S-class products. Each of these requires root/admin access. Non-admin users will see an NVML_ERROR_NO_PERMISSION error code when invoking any of these methods. 
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBnvmlReturn_t\fP DECLDIR nvmlUnitSetLedState (nvmlUnit_t unit, \fBnvmlLedColor_t\fP color)"
.PP
Set the LED state for the unit. The LED can be either green (0) or amber (1).
.PP
For S-class products. Requires root/admin permissions.
.PP
This operation takes effect immediately.
.PP
\fBCurrent S-Class products don't provide unique LEDs for each unit. As such, both front and back LEDs will be toggled in unison regardless of which unit is specified with this command.\fP
.PP
See \fBnvmlLedColor_t\fP for available colors.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIunit\fP The identifier of the target unit 
.br
\fIcolor\fP The target LED color
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBNVML_SUCCESS\fP if the LED color has been set
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBNVML_ERROR_UNINITIALIZED\fP if the library has not been successfully initialized
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBNVML_ERROR_INVALID_ARGUMENT\fP if \fIunit\fP or \fIcolor\fP is invalid
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBNVML_ERROR_NOT_SUPPORTED\fP if this is not an S-class product
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBNVML_ERROR_NO_PERMISSION\fP if the user doesn't have permission to perform this operation
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBNVML_ERROR_UNKNOWN\fP on any unexpected error
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBnvmlUnitGetLedState()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for NVML from the source code.
